Add more detail of how to use wrapper script (#456)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/installation.rst

.. _managing environments:

> Managing Environments with the Cylc wrapper script
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: I don't think this extra information is helpful, it makes the title confusing.

```suggestion
Managing Environments
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

Cylc comes with a wrapper which can be extracted to a directory in your ``$PATH``
using

.. code-block:: bash

   cylc get-resources cylc /path/to/  # should be in $PATH
   chmod +x /path/to/cylc

> You may need to modify this file for your local installation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may need to modify this file for your local installation e.g:
```

.. code-block:: diff

   - CYLC_HOME_ROOT="${CYLC_HOME_ROOT:-/opt}"
   + CYLC_HOME_ROOT="${CYLC_HOME_ROOT:-/path/to}"

.. note::

   Developers can set ``$CYLC_HOME_ROOT_ALT`` to point
   to their development environments. For example:

   .. code-block:: bash

>       CYLC_HOME_ROOT_ALT=${HOME}/miniconda3/envs

Reviewer: (moving with the times)

```suggestion
      CYLC_HOME_ROOT_ALT=${HOME}/.conda/envs
```

> Using the Cylc Wrapper Script with Rose, Rosie and Isodatetime
> """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
> 
> Just create a symbolic link to the wrapper, for each of these commands: 

Reviewer: This sub-sub-heading isn't very natural and is very long.

```suggestion
You may wish to use the same approach for the `isodatetime` command, and, if using
`Rose`_ for the `rose` and `rosie` commands.

To do so create a symbolic link to the wrapper, for each of these commands:
```

Cylc comes with a wrapper which can be extracted to a directory in your ``$PATH``
using

.. code-block:: bash

>    cylc get-resources cylc /path/to/  # should be in $PATH

Reviewer 2: (Also fixed in #453)

   chmod +x /path/to/cylc

> You need to modify this file for your local settings:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may need to modify this file for your local installation:
```

.. code-block:: diff

   - CYLC_HOME_ROOT="${CYLC_HOME_ROOT:-/opt}"
   + CYLC_HOME_ROOT="${CYLC_HOME_ROOT:-/path/to}"

.. note::

>    Developers will probably also want to set ``$CYLC_HOME_ROOT_ALT`` to point
>    to where their development environments are stored. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Developers can set ``$CYLC_HOME_ROOT_ALT`` to point
   to their development environments. For example:
```

   .. code-block:: bash

      CYLC_HOME_ROOT_ALT=${HOME}/miniconda3/envs

Using the Cylc Wrapper Script with Rose, Rosie and Isodatetime
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> You can make the wrapper script work for Rose, Rosie and Isodatetime as
> follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Just create a symbolic link to the wrapper, for each of these commands: 
```
